Mock-up Manual Page
NAME
	QuickTerminal – Free (as in freedom) alternative to Windows Command Prompt.

SYNOPSIS
	QuickTerminal [-chilsx]

DESCRITPTION
	QuickTerminal is a free and feature-packed alternative to Windows Command Prompt. 
	QuickTerminal was made as a replacement for cmd that I could use on my old Windows 2003 
	server to do simple tasks and have an even easier scripting language. When I made it, it turned 
	out to be even better than I expected. The UI looked really good and it was fun to create. This 
	program took on a mind of its own. Before it had an OpenBSD mentality were I am making this 
	for myself and you are just here for the ride, but now it has a more GNU mentality by serving 
	the community and spreading the joy of freedom. Everything done to the program has the users 
	and administrators in mind. Having it run on GNU/Linux is even better.

	Some of QuickTerminals main features are amazing IO tools for anything from moving files, 
	reading files, and even overwriting a file until its unreadable by recovery tools. Other features 
	include a built in http flooder, web crawler, scripting, and much more. Even with all these built-
	in features the program is still under one 1MB.

OPTIONS SUMMARY
	QuickTerminal ( http://quitetiny.com/quickterminal )
	Usage: QuickTerminal -x [args]

	-l, --logon				Invokes a log on  shell; normally used with telnet

	-c, --command  <command>		Runs a command then drops into the shell

	-i, --invisible				Runs QuickTerm without a window

	-x, --exit				Add with any of the Args and it will close after its job

	-h, --help				This information; to see commands do '-x -c help'

	-s, --script <scriptfile>		Runs a QTS script

COMMANDS
	Beta – Lists all unstable commands; use with caution
	Call – Runs a program without opening a new and waits for it to stop (like bash)
	Cap – Takes a picture of the terminal
	Cd – Changes directory. Type 'cd ..' to go back a directory
	Cdtray – Opens/Closes your cd tray (if you have one)
	Cls – Clears the screen
	Clear – Clears the screen
	Crawl – Searches a web page for links and emails. It also follows those links.
	Cred – Shows code borrowed  from other free programs
	Cmd – Just like call but has its own prompt
	Copy – Copies a file. Usage: copy <file>|<newfile>
	Date – Displays the date
	Ddos – Floods http requests along with ICMP ping packets
	Dec – Decrypts an AES encrypted string
	Define – Looks up a word on an online dictionary
	Delete – Deletes a file
	Delete2 – Deletes a file with a new thread which allows you to delete large files without wait
	Delete3 – Deletes and overwrites a file 16 times to make sure it's unrecoverable
	Dir – Lists files and folders in your current directory. Used with the cd command to navigate
	Dns – Looks up a given hostname and returns an IPv4 address
	Download – Downloads a file from a server. Usage: Download <Location>
	Echo – Prints to the screen what you said. 'echo hi' will print 'hi'
	Enc – Encrypts string with AES encryption. Used with dec to have a secured chat
	Errors – Displays errors that has happened in Quick-Terminal
	Exit – Closes Quick-Terminal
	Firewall – Enables/disables Windows firewall. Usage firewall <enable/disable>
	Folder – Creates a new folder or directory in the current directory
	Help – Displays all commands (that aren't in beta) with a short description
	Info – Shows computer information like OS type and number of CPUs
	Install – Creates and runs a .reg file making Windows associates .qts files with Quick-Terminal
	Ip – Returns local IPv4 address
	Kill – Kills a running process
	Lock – Locks a Windows computer
	Logoff – Logs off a computer
	Ls – Lists files and folders in your current directory
	Md5 – Returns an md5 hash value of a file
	Md5log – Logs all md5 hashes to a file. It's used in conjunction with vscan to create a database
	Move – Moves a file to another directory. Just like cutting a file
	Msg – Displays a message box with the given text
	Pi – Prints pi as a decimal to 28 places
	Ping – Sends an ICMP 32 byte ping packet to a server and waits for a reply
	Prompt – Changes the prompt string from '==>' to a user defined one
	Pwd – Prints the location of your current directory
	Qwrite – Quickly writes text to a file. Usage: qwrite <filename>|<text>
	Random – Returns a random number between 1 – 100  
	Read – Opens a text file for reading
	Refresh – Closes the current Quick-Terminal and opens a new one
	Remove – Deletes a directory
	Restart – Restarts a computer
	Run – Starts a new program in a new window
	Sc – Takes a screen shot of the whole display
	Scan – Scans a computer for open ports. Usage: scan <computer> <StartPort> <EndPort>
	Search – Searches the web using duckduckgo
	Sp – Used to track the scan command by displaying the current port it is on
	Syntax – Displays the syntax of commands
	Telnet – Uses netcat (nc.exe) to start a telnet server
	Telnet2 – Uses nmap's netcat (ncat) to start a telnet server
	Test – Does something random
	Time – Displays current time
	Timer – Starts/stops a timer and returns the time in between. Usage timer <start/stop>
	Upload – Uploads a file to a server
	Ver – Displays Quick-Terminal's version
	Vscan – Scans the current directory by checking the md5 hashes. Use:  vscan <Database.txt>
	Whoami – Returns the current username (similar to bash)
	Write – Creates and edits a text file
	Zip – Creates a zip archive

CRAWL
	DESCRIPTION
		A web crawler/spider that goes to a website specified and logs all the links and emails on 
		the page. After it's done with that then it follows those link and logs the next page 
		(depending on the depth specified). Warning: if you set the depth too high it will eat 
		system resources.
	
	SYNOPSIS
		crawl <cmd>/<website> <depth>
			Cmd can be clear,  custom, default, email, googlebot, help, list, log, none, qt, url
			Website has to be a real website
			Depth is how far you want the crawler to follow a link
		Commands:
			-clear – clears the search results
			-email – displays found emails
			-help – displays help
			-list – displays search result
			-log – writes the search to a log
		User-Agent:
			-default – changes user-agent back to default
			-custom – uses a custom user-agent
			-googlebot – pretends to be googlebot
			-non – doesn't use a user-agent
			-qt – uses QuiteTiny's user-agent (default)

DDOS
	DESCRIPTION
		A multi-use http and ping flooder. Used to test strain on your network. 
	SYNOPSIS
		ddos <type> <target> <boostfile> <wait>
			Type means the type of attack.
			Target is a servers hostname or IP address.
			Boostfile is a file used only for a boost attack. It contains user-agents and file 
			locations on the remote server. This file greatly increases the strength of Ddos.
			Wait is the delay of the request in milliseconds. 
		Type:
			-boost – a more powerful http flooder using a boost file.
			-http – a basic http flooder with 10 threads dedicated to flooding
			-make – generates a generic boost file
			-ping – sends large ping requests

EXAMPLES
	Lists commands
		QuickTerminal.exe -x -c help

	List command's syntax
		QuickTerminal.exe -x -c syntax

	Crawls google.com with a depth of one and log the results
		QuickTerminal.exe -x -c crawl log && crawl google.com 1

	Scan your computer for open ports between ports 10 and 82
		QuickTerminal.exe -x -c scan localhost 10 82

	Make a message appear in a script after running an update (Debian GNU/Linux)
		sudo apt-get upgrade && mono QuickTerminal.exe -x -c msg Update Done!

	Stress tests your router with an http flood with a one millisecond delay
		QuickTerminal.exe -c ddos http 192.168.1.1 1

Bugs
	No body is perfect, even the developers. You can help the community and us by submitting a 
	bug report. All you have to do is email bug@quitetiny.com with the subject line 
	[QuickTerminal] <bug>. You can also submit an issue on GitHub by going to 
	https://github.com/mckenney5/Quick-Terminal BUT make sure you are running the latest 
	version. In the report make sure you include what you were doing, the output from the 
	command 'errors', and a picture, if it helps (it's worth 1000 words or something like that).

Authors
	·	Adam McKenney adam@quitetiny.com
